Extend build instructions for dev container (#268)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/development/extending-dev-container.md

docker run --rm --privileged multiarch/qemu-user-static --reset -p yes

# Create and use a new builder. This needs top be called only once:
docker buildx create --name mybuilder --driver docker-container --bootstrap
docker buildx use mybuilder

# Now build new base image for the dev container
cd .devcontainer
docker buildx build -t ghcr.io/eclipse-ankaios/devcontainer-base:<version> --platform linux/amd64,linux/arm64 -f Dockerfile.base .
```

In order to push the base image append `--push` to the previous command.

Note: If you wish to locally test the base image in VSCode before proceeding, utilize the default builder and exclusively build for the default platform like

```shell
docker buildx use default
docker buildx build -t ghcr.io/eclipse-ankaios/devcontainer-base:<version> -f Dockerfile.base --load .
```

### Separate builds for different architectures

Due to the emulation for the non-host architecture, the previous multiplatform build might take some time.
An alternative is to build the two images separately on different hosts matching the target architecture.
For arm64 for example cloud instances with ARM architecture (like AWS Graviton) can be used.

> To build the base image like that perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the base image this way, perform the following steps:
```
